[sauce-labs] Add ability to set hosts to bypass proxy in sauce connect (#2619)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-sauce-labs.adoc

|
|Used to provide set of custom https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Sauce+Connect+Proxy+Command-Line+Quick+Reference+Guide[Sauce Connect command line arguments]

|`saucelabs.sauce-connect.skip-host-glob-patterns`
|Comma (,) separated list of host https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Proxy_servers_and_tunneling/Proxy_Auto-Configuration_PAC_file#shexpmatch[glob patterns]
|

> |Used to specify a list of glob patterns for hosts that are connected-to directly, others are connected through the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Used to specify a list of glob patterns for hosts that are connected-to directly, others are connected through SauceConnect.
```
?

> |Used to specify a list of glob patterns for hosts that are connected-to directly, others are connected through the proxy.

Reviewer: It makes sense to document all hosts skipped by default
